The practice of beekeeping dates back at least 4,500 years.
Approximately one third of the food we eat is the result of honey bee pollination.
In their 6-8 week lifespan, a worker bee will fly the equivalent distance of 1 ½ times the circumference of the Earth.
A productive queen can lay up to 2,500 eggs per day.
Mead, which is made from fermented honey, is the world's oldest fermented beverage.
A single bee will produce only about 1/12 of a teaspoon of honey in its lifetime.
Bees are attracted by caffeine.
The perfect hexagons that form honeycomb hold the most amount of honey with the smallest amount of material (wax).
Honey bees are the only insect that produces food consumed by humans.
During a single collection trip, a honey bee will visit anywhere from 50 to 100 flowers.
Honey bees beat their wings 200 times per second, creating their trademark “buzz”.
Though bees have jointed legs, they do not possess anything like a kneecap, and therefore do not have knees.
There are three types of bees in every hive: a queen, worker bees, and drones.
Only drones are male.
In order to make a pound of honey, a hive of bees must fly 55,000 miles.
Honey bees don't sleep. Instead, they spend their nights motionless, conserving energy for the next day's activities.
The honey bee is the official insect of Maine.
Honey was found in King Tut's tomb, and, because it never spoils, it was still good!
Honey is the only known source of the antioxidant pinocembrin.
On average, Americans consume 1.31 pounds of honey every year.
A queen goes on what is called a “mating flight” where she leaves the hive and mates with anywhere from 5 to 45 different drones. She stores the sperm in her spermatheca, and has a lifetime supply, therefore only needing to take 1 mating flight in her lifetime.
Honey bees are not born knowing how to make honey. Instead, they are taught in the hive by older bees.
There are estimated to be nearly 212,000 beekeepers in the United States.
Honey is 25% sweeter than table sugar.
Honey is the only foodstuff that contains all of the necessary nutrients to sustain life.
Bee venom is used as a treatment for several ailments, including arthritis and high blood pressure.
Drones die after mating with a queen.
A single hive can produce anywhere from 60 to 100 pounds of honey every year.
The ancient Greeks and Romans viewed honey as a symbol of love, beauty, and fertility.
There are people in Africa that keep elephants out of their fields by keeping honey bee hives around the fields in what is called a “bee fence.”
In Greek mythology, Apollo is credited as being the first beekeeper.
Ancient peoples used to believe that bees were created from the carcasses of dead animals.
In ancient Egypt, people paid their taxes with honey.
The ancient Greeks minted coins with bees on them.
Beeswax is found in many of our everyday products, including furniture polishes, cosmetics, and medicines.
The name 'Melissa' is derived from the Greek word for honey bee.
Beekeeping is said to be the second oldest professions.
Stone Age cave paintings have been found of ancient beekeepers.
The oldest known art depicting honey gathering can be found in the Cave of the Spider near Valencia, Spain.
Every species of bee performs their communication dances differently.
The darker the honey, the greater amount of antioxidant properties it has.
Bees can be trained to locate buried land mines.
Ounce for ounce, honey bee venom is more deadly than cobra venom. Don't worry, though – it takes 19 stings for every kilogram of a person's body weight to be lethal.
The first Anglo-Saxons drank beer made from water and honeycomb, with herbs for flavoring.
The word “honeymoon” is derived from the ancient tradition of supplying a newlywed couple with a month's supply of mead in order to ensure happiness and fertility.
While a worker bee will die after it stings, a queen can survive stinging.
Worker bees have barbed stingers, while a queen has a smooth stinger, which she mostly uses to kill other queens.
In the Hittite Empire (modern-day Turkey and Syria), a swarm's value was equal to that of a sheep, and the penalty for bee thieving was a fine of 6 shekels of silver.
The Magna Carta legalized the harvesting of wild honey by common folk.
There are three kinds of bees in a hive: Queen, Worker and Drone.
Only the Queen in the hive lays eggs. She communicates with her hive with her own special scent called pheromones. The queen will lay around 1,500 eggs per day.
The worker bees are all female and they do all the work for the hive. Workers perform the following tasks inside the hive as a House Bee: Cleaning, feeding the baby bees, feeding and taking care of the queen, packing pollen and nectar into cells, capping cells, building and repairing honeycombs, fanning to cool the hive and guarding the hive.
Workers perform the following tasks outside the hive as Field Bees: Gathering nectar and pollen from flowers, collecting water and a sticky substance called propolis.
Bees have two stomachs - one stomach for eating and the other special stomach is for storing nectar collected from flowers or water so that they can carry it back to their hive.
The male bees in the hive are called drones. Their job in the hive is to find a queen to mate with. Male bees fly out and meet in special drone congregation areas where they hope to meet a queen. Male drone bees don't have a stinger.
If a worker bee uses her stinger, she will die.
The queen bee can select the sex of their larvae.
Bees have a tendency to collect toxic chemicals to repel ants, and fight parasites and microorganisms. 
Honey is the third most faked food in the world.
“Honey laundering”—the smuggling of adulterated Chinese honey, which is a mixture of real honey with syrup and other foreign honey labeled as pure honey, into the US—is widespread. This fraud has been called “Honeygate.”
Bees are classified as insects and they have six legs.
Honey bee attack smells like bananas.
Bees have five eyes - two compound eyes and three tiny ocelli eyes.
Male honey bees are kicked out of the hive when they cannot mate.
Bees go through four stages of development: Egg, Larvae, Pupae and Adult Bee.
The bees use their honeycomb cells to raise their babies in, and to store nectar, honey, pollen and water.
Nectar is a sweet watery substance that the bees gather. After they process the nectar in their stomach they regurgitate it into the honeycomb cells. Then they fan with their wings to remove excess moisture. The final result is honey.
Bees are the only insect in the world that make food that humans can eat.
Honey has natural preservatives and bacteria can't grow in it.
Bees which have been fed sugar water flew faster towards flowers, recovered faster after an attack, and had higher levels of dopamine.
Honey was found in the tombs in Egypt and it was still edible! Bees have been here around 30 million years.
A honeybee can fly 24 km in an hour at a speed of 15 mph. Its wings beat 200 times per second or 12,000 beats per minute.
Bees have straw-like tongues called a proboscis so they can suck up liquids and also mandibles so they can chew.
Bees carry pollen on their hind legs called a pollen basket. Pollen is a source of protein for the hive and is needed to feed to the baby bees to help them grow.
A beehive in summer can have as many as 50,000 to 80,000 bees. A bee must collect nectar from about 2 million flowers to make 1 pound of honey. It requires 556 worker bees to gather a pound of honey. Bees fly more than once around the world to gather a pound of honey.
The average worker bee makes about 1/12th of a teaspoon of honey in her lifetime.
Bees have 2 pairs of wings. The wings have tiny teeth so they can lock together when the bee is flying.
Bees communicate through chemical scents called pheromones and through special bee dances.
Every 3rd mouthful of food is produced by bees pollinating crops. Flowering plants rely on bees for pollination so that they can produce fruit and seeds. Without bees pollinating these plants, there would not be very many fruits or vegetables to eat.
A single beehive can make more than 100 pounds (45 kg) of extra honey. The beekeeper only harvests the extra honey made by the bees.
The average life of a honey bee during the working season is about three to six weeks. There are five products that come from the hive: Honey, beeswax, pollen, propolis, and royal jelly.
Beeswax is produced by the bees. Bees have special glands on their stomach that secrete the wax into little wax pockets on their stomach. The bee takes the wax and chews it with her mandibles and shapes it to make honeycomb.
Propolis is a sticky substance that bees collect from the buds of trees. Bees use propolis to weatherproof their hive against drafts or in spots where rain might leak in.
People have discovered the anti-bacterial properties of propolis for use in the medical field.
Royal Jelly is a milky substance produced in a special gland in the worker bee's head. For her whole life the Queen is fed Royal Jelly by the workers.
Although bears do like honey, they prefer to eat the bee larvae.
Honey comes in different colours and flavours. The flower where the nectar was gathered from determines the flavour and colour of the honey.
A hive will collect approximately 66 pounds of pollen per year.
A worker bee can carry a load of nectar or pollen equal to 80% of her own body weight.
Up until the mid-1700's in England, it was common practice to kill all of the bees in a hive during honey collection.
For every pound of honey produced, a hive must collect 10 pounds of pollen.
In the United States, more than 300 different kinds of honey are produced every year. The variety in color and flavor is determined by the types of flowers from which the bees collect nectar.
The European honey bee was brought over to North America by the Shakers. Because of this, Native Americans referred to honey bees as the “White Man's Fly”.
Honey bees did not spread to Alaska until 1927.
Ancient Olympic athletes ate honey to enhance their performance.
Honey bees contribute $20 billion to the value of U.S. crop production.
During the American Revolution, George Washington said “It was the cackling geese that saved Rome, but it was the bees that saved America.”
Honey bees have 170 odorant receptors, and have a sense of smell 50 times more powerful than a dog.
Every bee colony has its own distinct scent so that members can identify each other.
Honey can help heal wounds and burns through a combination of the drying effect of the simple sugars and honey’s antibacterial nature.
A hive is perennial, meaning that it becomes inactive in the winter but “awakens” again in the spring. When individuals die, they are quickly replace – workers every 6-8 weeks, and the queen every 2-3 years. Because of this, a hive could technically be immortal!
Bees have 2 stomachs – one for eating, and one for storing nectar.
Bees have existed for around 30 million years.
Apitherapy uses the beneficial medical effects of bee venom to relieve muscle and joint pain.
The hexagonal shape of the honeycomb is the most efficient shape in our world.
Hives produce 5 distinct substances: honey, beeswax, propolis, pollen, and royal jelly.
Newborn bees ask for food by sticking out their tongues at passing worker bees.
Bees can be blue. Xylocopa caerulea, the blue carpenter bee, is non-aggressive and semi-solitary. They do not build hives like honeybees but instead prefer to live inside dead wood.
While bears do enjoy honey, they prefer to eat bee larvae.
Bees have long, straw-like tongues called a proboscis which they use to suck liquid nectar out of flowers.
During the winter, some worker bees take on the job of “heater bees,” where they vibrate their bodies in order to keep the hive at the optimal temperature of 95ºF.
When processing honey from a beehive, approximately one pound of beeswax will be made for every 60 pounds of honey produced.
Bees make honey by regurgitating digested nectar into honeycomb cells and then fanning it with their wings.
Honeycomb cells have many uses other than storing honey. They are also used to store nectar, pollen, and water, as well as a nursery for larvae!
Bees have 5 eyes – 3 simple eyes, and 2 compound eyes.
Bees “rob” honey from other bees if honey from another hive is available, or if times are lean. However, if a guard bee from the robbed hive catches an interloper (detecting the foreign smell of the intruder), the two will engage in battle—stinging to the death. If the robber makes it into the hive unnoticed, she will gain the scent of the hive (and learn the entrance well enough) that she can come in and out without being detected as an intruder.
When a queen is five to six days old, she is ready to mate. She puts out a pheromone scent to attract the males and takes off in the air. The males from miles around smell the scent and instantly volunteer in the mating chase, which is performed in the air.
Only female bees have stingers.
The females do all of the work in the hive. The drones' only job is to mate with a queen.
Bees have 4 life stages: egg, larvae, pupae, and adult.
Bees aren't all black and yellow. They come in an array of colors from green and ginger, to purple, white, and even pitch black.
Honey bees cannot see the color red. UV patterns on the red flowers  guide bees to nectar.
Bees make their own bee bread by fermenting pollen.
Honey bees add an enzyme to honey that turns into hydrogen peroxide, making the honey antibacterial.
Honey has antibacterial properties and can be used as a dressing for wounds.
Megachile pluto, also known as Wallace's giant bee is the largest known living bee species. Females can be 38mm long with a wingspan of 63.5mm, but males only grow to 23mm long.
The top-bar hive originated in Africa.
Carpenter bees make honey just like their smaller counterparts, but it’s much thicker and denser than the honey we’re used to, like a peanut butter or cookie dough consistency.
Larva that “hatches” from a honey bee egg will be fed about 1,300 times per day.
The queen bee (and only the queen) eats royal jelly for the duration of her life. This milky substance is produced in a special gland located in a worker bee's head.
Bees use propolis, a sticky substance gathered from the buds of trees, to fill in cracks and weatherproof their hives.
Bees create wax in a special gland on their stomach, which they then chew to form honeycomb.
Bees communicate in 2 ways: the waggle dance, and through the use of pheromones.
Due to the rise in popularity of urban beekeeping, it is estimated that honey bees outnumber the residents of London 30-1 in the summer months.
Ever wonder why a beekeeper's suit is always white? It's because bees react strongly to dark colors!
The science of beekeeping is called “apiculture”.
A good queen may lay as many as 1,000 to 2,000 eggs per day during Spring.
Primitive hives were made from earthenware, mud, or hollow logs.
Bees are sold by the pound.
If a queen bee is removed from a hive, the colony will know within 15 minutes.
Swarming occurs when a colony has outgrown its current hive and is preparing to separate into 2 or more new, smaller hives.
The top honey producing states are North Dakota, California, and South Dakota as of 2016.
A single ounce of honey could fuel a honey bee's flight all the way around the world.
Honey bees are the only type of bee that dies after stinging.
Honey bees usually travel about 3 miles away from the hive in search of nectar and pollen.
Honey is composed of 80% sugars and 20% water.
Worker bees take on many different roles throughout their lives. But they don’t just change jobs—they change their actual brain chemistry. A study has shown that when a bee goes from being a nurse to a forager, her brain chemistry actually changes, and different proteins are being expressed.
During the winter, worker bees will take short “cleansing flights” in order to defecate and remove debris from the hive.
Some worker bees have the job of being an “undertaker bee” and are in charge of removing dead bees from the hive.
Due to colony collapse disorder, bees have been dying off at a rate of approximately 30% per year.
In Wisconsin, beekeepers can apply to have their honey certified as pure and use “Wisconsin certified honey” on their packaging.
Bees hate human breath.
Bees are being used to study dementia. When a bee takes on a new job usually done by a younger bee, its brain stops aging!
Bees have their own “facial recognition software,” and can recognize human faces.
Drones are born from unfertilized eggs, meaning they have no fathers and get all of their genetic material from their mother, the queen. This means they’re haploid—that is, they have only one set of chromosomes—whereas the worker bees are diploid, meaning they come from fertilized eggs and have two sets of chromosomes. However, every now and then, a fertilized egg turns into a male bee, or a diploid drone, and when this happens, the worker bees find them and eat them as soon as they hatch. 
Bees use the sun as a compass, and on cloudy days, use polarized light to find their way.
Honey made from rhododendron is poisonous, though rarely fatal.
Honey gives energy to bee flight muscles that beat 12,000 times per minute.
There are up to 60,000 female worker bees in each colony, whose life span is about 4-6 weeks in the summer.
Bees must visit about two million flowers to make a one-pound jar of honey.